Add draft of release blog post (#193)
coreruleset/website: content/blog/2024-10-29-crs-versions-4-8-0-and-3-3-7-released.md

---
author: RedXanadu
categories:
  - Blog
date: '2024-10-29T18:59:58+00:00'
title: CRS versions 4.8.0 and 3.3.7 released
slug: 'crs-versions-4-8-0-and-3-3-7-released'
---

> The OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set (CRS) team is pleased to announce the release of two new CRS versions: v4.8.0 and v3.3.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OWASP CRS team is pleased to announce the release of two new CRS versions: v4.8.0 and v3.3.7.
```

#### For users unable to update

Any users unable to update to a fixed version of CRS are strongly encouraged to implement the fix steps themselves by removing the content types `multipart/related`, `application/cloudevents+json`, and `application/cloudevents-batch+json` from the variable `tx.allowed_request_content_type` as set in the files `crs-setup.conf` and `REQUEST-901-INITIALIZATION.conf`. The advice on JSON processing should also be followed.

#### Other release changes

Aside from the security fix, the v4.8.0 release also includes a few other minor changes and improvements as part of the normal release cycle for CRS v4. The full changes included in v4.8.0 can be found on the [GitHub release page](https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset/releases/tag/v4.8.0).

Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns about this release via the usual channels: directly via the [CRS GitHub repository](https://github.com/coreruleset/coreruleset), in our Slack channel (#coreruleset on [owasp.slack.com](https://owasp.slack.com/)), or on our [mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/owasp.org/g/modsecurity-core-rule-set-project).

Sincerely,  

> Andrew Howe on behalf of the Core Rule Set development team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Andrew Howe on behalf of the CRS development team
```
